Record 0
namSiz:  11
name:    mother zero
emaiSiz: 13
email:   mother@aa.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    Mm!1abcd
hiScore: 0

Record 1
namSiz:  10
name:    father one
emaiSiz: 16
email:   father@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    Ff$0abcd
hiScore: 0

Record 2
namSiz:  10
name:    sister two
emaiSiz: 14
email:   sister@sis.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Ss#9ttttt
hiScore: 0

Record 3
namSiz:  13
name:    brother three
emaiSiz: 17
email:   brotehr@three.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Bb3!yyyyy
hiScore: 0

Record 4
namSiz:  9
name:    dog gdadg
emaiSiz: 10
email:   dog@aa.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    Dd!2hhhh
hiScore: 0

Record 5
namSiz:  12
name:    harry potter
emaiSiz: 16
email:   harryP@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    Hp!12345
hiScore: 0

Record 6
namSiz:  10
name:    first last
emaiSiz: 15
email:   first@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    Pp#34567
hiScore: 0

Record 7
namSiz:  7
name:    ten ten
emaiSiz: 13
email:   ten@email.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Ten!12345
hiScore: 0

Record 8
namSiz:  10
name:    eleven ten
emaiSiz: 15
email:   email@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    Ee#3abcd
hiScore: 0

Record 9
namSiz:  8
name:    add name
emaiSiz: 13
email:   name@aa.comff
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Ff!2hhhhg
hiScore: 0

Record 10
namSiz:  12
name:    jillian lash
emaiSiz: 13
email:   jill@lash.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    JILL2!GG
hiScore: 0

Record 11
namSiz:  11
name:    nicole lash
emaiSiz: 14
email:   nicole@aol.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    NIC!2345
hiScore: 0

Record 12
namSiz:  12
name:    minnie mouse
emaiSiz: 17
email:   minnie@disney.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    MM!12345
hiScore: 0

Record 13
namSiz:  13
name:    homer simpson
emaiSiz: 14
email:   homer@simp.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Hh!234567
hiScore: 0

Record 14
namSiz:  16
name:    hamburger helper
emaiSiz: 19
email:   hamburger@email.com
pwrdSiz: 7
pwrd:    Hh!2345
hiScore: 0

Record 15
namSiz:  12
name:    mary poppins
emaiSiz: 14
email:   mary@gmail.com
pwrdSiz: 7
pwrd:    Mary!23
hiScore: 0

Record 16
namSiz:  15
name:    cherry poptarts
emaiSiz: 16
email:   cherry@email.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Poptart!2
hiScore: 0

