Record 0
ID:      1440
namSiz:  11
name:    mother zero
emaiSiz: 13
email:   mother@aa.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    mm!1abcd
hiScore: 0

Record 1
ID:      300
namSiz:  10
name:    father one
emaiSiz: 16
email:   father@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    ff$0abcd
hiScore: 0

Record 2
ID:      210
namSiz:  10
name:    sister two
emaiSiz: 14
email:   sister@sis.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    ss#9ttttt
hiScore: 0

Record 3
ID:      1260
namSiz:  13
name:    brother three
emaiSiz: 17
email:   brotehr@three.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    bb3!yyyyy
hiScore: 0

Record 4
ID:      770
namSiz:  9
name:    dog gdadg
emaiSiz: 10
email:   dog@aa.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    dd!2hhhh
hiScore: 0

Record 5
ID:      1120
namSiz:  12
name:    harry potter
emaiSiz: 16
email:   harryp@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    hp!12345
hiScore: 0

Record 6
ID:      130
namSiz:  7
name:    rhianna
emaiSiz: 15
email:   first@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    pp#34567
hiScore: 0

Record 7
ID:      90
namSiz:  7
name:    ten ten
emaiSiz: 13
email:   ten@email.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    ten!12345
hiScore: 0

Record 8
ID:      160
namSiz:  10
name:    eleven ten
emaiSiz: 15
email:   email@email.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    ee#3abcd
hiScore: 0

Record 9
ID:      240
namSiz:  10
name:    teddy bear
emaiSiz: 13
email:   name@aa.comff
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    ff!2hhhhg
hiScore: 0

Record 10
ID:      1120
namSiz:  12
name:    jillian lash
emaiSiz: 13
email:   jill@lash.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    jill2!gg
hiScore: 0

Record 11
ID:      40
namSiz:  11
name:    nicole lash
emaiSiz: 14
email:   nicole@aol.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    nic!2345
hiScore: 0

Record 12
ID:      540
namSiz:  12
name:    minnie mouse
emaiSiz: 17
email:   minnie@disney.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    mm!12345
hiScore: 0

Record 13
ID:      810
namSiz:  13
name:    homer simpson
emaiSiz: 14
email:   homer@simp.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    hh!234567
hiScore: 0

Record 14
ID:      240
namSiz:  16
name:    hamburger helper
emaiSiz: 19
email:   hamburger@email.com
pwrdSiz: 7
pwrd:    hh!2345
hiScore: 0

Record 15
ID:      480
namSiz:  12
name:    mary poppins
emaiSiz: 14
email:   mary@gmail.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    mary!23oiu
hiScore: 0

Record 16
ID:      130
namSiz:  11
name:    day tripper
emaiSiz: 12
email:   dayt@aaa.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    aa!1567s
hiScore: 0

Record 17
ID:      660
namSiz:  12
name:    taylor swift
emaiSiz: 13
email:   taylor@ta.com
pwrdSiz: 7
pwrd:    bb$3567
hiScore: 0

Record 18
ID:      600
namSiz:  15
name:    california love
emaiSiz: 13
email:   cali@cali.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    ff#9abcs
hiScore: 0

Record 19
ID:      1280
namSiz:  12
name:    adam sandler
emaiSiz: 16
email:   adam@sandler.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    gd!5dfcs
hiScore: 0

Record 20
ID:      1120
namSiz:  10
name:    jane smith
emaiSiz: 13
email:   jane@fdaf.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    gg$4dfca
hiScore: 0

Record 21
ID:      70
namSiz:  18
name:    willow smallsville
emaiSiz: 13
email:   will@name.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    wi#13567
hiScore: 0

Record 22
ID:      90
namSiz:  15
name:    wednesday adams
emaiSiz: 12
email:   fafd@fda.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    hh1!dfcc
hiScore: 0

Record 23
ID:      360
namSiz:  9
name:    good will
emaiSiz: 12
email:   good@her.com
pwrdSiz: 8
pwrd:    jj$4dfcg
hiScore: 0

Record 24
ID:      800
namSiz:  7
name:    dad one
emaiSiz: 13
email:   dad@gmail.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    dd#135673
hiScore: 0

Record 25
ID:      360
namSiz:  10
name:    mother two
emaiSiz: 13
email:   mom@gmail.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    mm!2dfc961
hiScore: 0

Record 26
ID:      300
namSiz:  13
name:    brother three
emaiSiz: 17
email:   brother@yahoo.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    bb3$dfcyt2
hiScore: 0

