
Record   0
namSiz:  14
name:    homer simpson
emaiSiz: 15
email:   homer@simp.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Homer!23
hiScore: 000

Record   1
namSiz:  14
name:    marge simpson
emaiSiz: 15
email:   marge@simp.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Marge!23
hiScore: 000

Record   2
namSiz:  13
name:    lisa simpson
emaiSiz: 14
email:   lisa@simp.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    Lisa!2345
hiScore: 000

Record   3
namSiz:  12
name:    day tripper
emaiSiz: 17
email:   lucy@beatles.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    DayT#2345
hiScore: 000

Record   4
namSiz:  13
name:    harry potter
emaiSiz: 17
email:   harry@potter.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Hp!12345
hiScore: 000

Record   5
namSiz:  8
name:    Rhianna
emaiSiz: 14
email:   rhi@email.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    Rhianna#1
hiScore: 000

Record   6
namSiz:  17
name:    hamburger helper
emaiSiz: 19
email:   hamburger@help.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Help!234
hiScore: 000

Record   7
namSiz:  13
name:    taylor swift
emaiSiz: 17
email:   taylor@swift.com
pwrdSiz: 10
pwrd:    Taylor$35
hiScore: 000

Record   8
namSiz:  13
name:    adam sandler
emaiSiz: 17
email:   adam@sandler.com
pwrdSiz: 9
pwrd:    Adam!567
hiScore: 000

Record   9
namSiz:  16
name:    wednesday adams
emaiSiz: 14
email:   wed@adams.com
pwrdSiz: 11
pwrd:    Wednesday1!
hiScore: 
Record   10
namSiz:  9
name:    danielle 
emaiSiz: 21
email:   danielle@danielle.com
pwrdSiz: 11
pwrd:    Danielle!23
hiScore: 050

00
